Google's just released a new update to
Gemini Deep Research, and we've seen a
massive jump in capabilities.
The first things that struck us were
[music] the speed and the exhaustiveness
of it.
It's made [music] it possible for anyone
to ask and answer heavy-duty scientific
questions that require evaluating all of
the scientific literature, and it lets
us [music] answer questions in days
rather than waiting weeks or months.
What Deep Research is [music] able to do
in an impressive way is connect that
quantitative data to more qualitative
[music]
data, and really bring that to life.
FactSet was an early adopter to a more
open approach and an open ecosystem. In
[music] our industry, trust is the very
critical piece. You can have innovation
[music]
and the most advanced features, and if
the data is not rock-solid, [music]
our customers will not use it. Bringing
more of an AI-ready approach to that
data allows [music] it to be integrated
into solutions like Deep Research in a
way that really helps us ground the
answers and bring confidence to our
client base.
Axiom's goal is to help scientists
[music]
understand which drugs are going to fail
in clinical trials before they do.
The data about drug [music] toxicity and
clinical outcomes of drugs is buried all
over the place, and often what you
[music] need to know is at page 80 of a
very long PDF. So, Gemini Deep
Research's ability [music] to access
data from all sorts of modalities has
been extremely critical to us.
Our industry is all about [music] alpha
generation and really finding insights
in unlikely places. So, the multimodal
factor, being able to kind of bring in
[music] sentiment from video, voice,
look at text, bring in quantitative
data, all brought [music] together in
one place, it's just a richness of the
narrative that is much more advanced
than research [music] of the past.
When you think about the amount of
processing that can come through Deep
Research across [music] all these
sources, that really unlocks the
expertise of a human to bring out the
nuance, focus more on how you relay that
information to clients or peers, [music]
and bringing a human element.
This is a huge [music] shift for the
financial industry because of how much
they have wished for productivity for so
long. Deep Research has
>> [music]
>> really accelerated our team. It saved us
from having to build out really complex
workflows, lets our scientists iterate
extremely quickly, and it lets them
focus [music] on what questions they
want to ask.
>> The number of ideas that could come to
fruition, [music]
the quality of those ideas, and the way
that new insights deliver results for
our client base is a huge way that
research is shifting. [music]
Just allows a broadening of scope that
an individual human wouldn't be able to
achieve.
>> It's superhuman. [music]